Problem Defination

Company named "Rockwell Automation inc." has a presence over world with head quarter in London and 17 Offshore developement
centers.Company has 35000 employees all over world and their information is saved on the their private cloud.
Prevously Rockwell Automation had private cloud for their IT solutions.
but bercause of growth of company it is impossible to save data on their excisting cloud, they requiring the other cloud. 
so they decided to use the Amazon cloud. Due to growth of company in all sectors , company wants to use "Amazon Web Services" 
public cloud like infrastructure as Service. All Employees should be able to access their Human Resource Solution portal from anywhere
in the world. So they have decided to create the Human Resources Solutions portal which will publically accessible for employees working
in that organization. Company also want to build and host this information System in public cloud Google Cloud Platform or Aws. after that 
all the employees have acess to Human Resource Portal from anywhere in the world so that company dont have to worry about the information 
that is saved on the cloud it will be accessible by the employees. Whatever the changes made on the portal this changes gets reflect on the 
cloud and employee will able to get notified.



Functional Requirements

1) login 
2) Registration
3) Human Resource Details
4)verify login credentials
5)Displaying Error messege
6)About
7)Employee payrole management



Non Functional Requirement

1) Performance
2) Scalability
3) Maintability
4) Serviceability
5) Capacity
6) Availability
7) Reliability
8) Recoverability


Problem Statement

Rockwell Automation Inc Comapy has growth in all the sectors, so their centers are in the various countries 
and having head quarter in London. Employee count of their company has gradually increasing, so it is not 
possible for them to use their existing cloud, so they decided to usde the Amazon Web Services public cloud
so that all the employees should be able to acess their Human Resource Solution Portal from anywhere in the world.